com/udacity/project4/databinding/FragmentRemindersBindingImpl.java
 com.udacity.project4.databinding.FragmentRemindersBindingImpl
androidx/databinding/DataBinderMapperImpl.java
 androidx.databinding.DataBinderMapperImpl
com/udacity/project4/databinding/FragmentRemindersBinding.java
 com.udacity.project4.databinding.FragmentRemindersBinding
com/udacity/project4/locationreminders/data/local/RemindersDatabase_Impl.java
 com.udacity.project4.locationreminders.data.local.RemindersDatabase_Impl
 com.udacity.project4.locationreminders.data.local.RemindersDatabase_Impl$1
com/udacity/project4/databinding/ItReminderBinding.java
 com.udacity.project4.databinding.ItReminderBinding
com/udacity/project4/databinding/ActivityAuthenticationBindingImpl.java
 com.udacity.project4.databinding.ActivityAuthenticationBindingImpl
androidx/databinding/library/baseAdapters/BR.java
 androidx.databinding.library.baseAdapters.BR
com/udacity/project4/BuildConfig.java
 com.udacity.project4.BuildConfig
com/udacity/project4/databinding/ActivityMapsBinding.java
 com.udacity.project4.databinding.ActivityMapsBinding
com/udacity/project4/databinding/FragmentMapsBindingImpl.java
 com.udacity.project4.databinding.FragmentMapsBindingImpl
com/udacity/project4/locationreminders/data/local/RemindersDao_Impl.java
 com.udacity.project4.locationreminders.data.local.RemindersDao_Impl
 com.udacity.project4.locationreminders.data.local.RemindersDao_Impl$1
 com.udacity.project4.locationreminders.data.local.RemindersDao_Impl$2
 com.udacity.project4.locationreminders.data.local.RemindersDao_Impl$3
 com.udacity.project4.locationreminders.data.local.RemindersDao_Impl$4
 com.udacity.project4.locationreminders.data.local.RemindersDao_Impl$5
 com.udacity.project4.locationreminders.data.local.RemindersDao_Impl$6
com/udacity/project4/databinding/ActivityReminderDescriptionBindingImpl.java
 com.udacity.project4.databinding.ActivityReminderDescriptionBindingImpl
com/udacity/project4/databinding/ActivityReminderDescriptionBinding.java
 com.udacity.project4.databinding.ActivityReminderDescriptionBinding
com/udacity/project4/databinding/FragmentMapsBinding.java
 com.udacity.project4.databinding.FragmentMapsBinding
com/udacity/project4/databinding/ActivityAuthenticationBinding.java
 com.udacity.project4.databinding.ActivityAuthenticationBinding
com/udacity/project4/BR.java
 com.udacity.project4.BR
com/udacity/project4/DataBindingTriggerClass.java
 com.udacity.project4.DataBindingTriggerClass
com/udacity/project4/databinding/ItReminderBindingImpl.java
 com.udacity.project4.databinding.ItReminderBindingImpl
androidx/databinding/DataBindingComponent.java
 androidx.databinding.DataBindingComponent
com/udacity/project4/databinding/ActivityRemindersBinding.java
 com.udacity.project4.databinding.ActivityRemindersBinding
com/udacity/project4/DataBinderMapperImpl.java
 com.udacity.project4.DataBinderMapperImpl
 com.udacity.project4.DataBinderMapperImpl$InnerBrLookup
 com.udacity.project4.DataBinderMapperImpl$InnerLayoutIdLookup
com/udacity/project4/databinding/FragmentSaveReminderBindingImpl.java
 com.udacity.project4.databinding.FragmentSaveReminderBindingImpl
 com.udacity.project4.databinding.FragmentSaveReminderBindingImpl$1
 com.udacity.project4.databinding.FragmentSaveReminderBindingImpl$2
com/udacity/project4/databinding/FragmentSelectLocationBinding.java
 com.udacity.project4.databinding.FragmentSelectLocationBinding
com/udacity/project4/databinding/FragmentSelectLocationBindingImpl.java
 com.udacity.project4.databinding.FragmentSelectLocationBindingImpl
com/udacity/project4/databinding/FragmentSaveReminderBinding.java
 com.udacity.project4.databinding.FragmentSaveReminderBinding
